change go minimum version in README (#4416)
opencontainers/runc: README.md

## Building

> `runc` only supports Linux. It must be built with Go version 1.22.4 or higher.

Reviewer: Now that go enforces the go version in go.mod, don't we want to just delete the last sentence here?

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine as it is.

> `runc` only supports Linux. It must be built with Go version 1.22.4 or higher.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`runc` only supports Linux. See the header of [`go.mod`](./go mod) for the required Go version.
```

> `runc` only supports Linux. See the header of [`go.mod`](./go mod) for the required Go version.

Reviewer: This was changed. If we are going to have some text, the text before seem better. But I'm fine with this.

@kolyshkin what do you think? You weighted on this before.

`runc` only supports Linux. It must be built with Go version 1.22.4 or higher.

### Pre-Requisites

#### Go

NOTE: if building with Go 1.22.x, make sure to use 1.22.4 or a later version
(see [issue #4233](https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/issues/4233) for
more details).

> 

Reviewer 2: To other reviewers: this is no longer needed since PR #4407.

Author: Should i change 1.22.4 to 1.22 in my changes?

Reviewer: IMHO just removing this is fine. I think @kolyshkin was just giving context to other reviewers on why removing that note seems fine.
